Updated: 2025-06-12

SOUNDRAW Terms of Service
=========================

These Terms of Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms") govern the relationship between the Company and all Registered Users regarding the terms and conditions of use of the Service. By accessing or using the Service, each Registered User must thoroughly read and agree to the Terms.

### Article 1 (Application)

1.  The purpose of the Terms is to set forth the terms and conditions of the Service and the rights and obligations between the Company and the Registered User with respect to the use of the Service. The Terms shall apply to all relationships between the Company and the Registered User with respect to the use of the Service.
2.  The rules for use of the Service (https://soundraw.io/en/#pricing-section) posted by the Company on the Website shall constitute a part of the Terms.
3.  In the event of any discrepancy between the contents of the Terms and the rules and other explanations of the Service outside of the Terms, the provisions of the Terms shall take precedence.

### Article 2 (Definitions)

The following terms used in the Terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

1.  "Service Usage Contract" means a contract for the use of the Service between the Company and a Registered User, which is concluded under the Terms.
2.  "Intellectual Property Rights" means copyrights, patents, utility model rights, design rights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights (including the right to obtain such rights or to apply for registration of such rights).
3.  "Generated Music" means music automatically generated by the Registered User using the Service.
4.  "Company" means SOUNDRAW Inc.
5.  "Website" means the website operated by the Company whose domain is "soundraw.io" (including the Company's website after such change if the domain or content of our website is changed for any reason).
6.  "Registered User" means an individual or legal entity that has been registered as a registered user of the Service in accordance with these Terms of Use.
7.  "Service" means the music generation service provided by the Company under the name of SOUNDRAW (in the event that the name or content of the Service is changed for any reason, the Service after such change shall be included).
8.  "[Schedule](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mIzrH9almieKLZP-NkCZ_yqjd_rGj3wb/view?usp=drive_link)" means the schedule attached to and forming part of the Terms. The [Schedule](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mIzrH9almieKLZP-NkCZ_yqjd_rGj3wb/view?usp=drive_link) shall form an integral part of the Terms, and any reference to this Agreement shall include the [Schedule](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mIzrH9almieKLZP-NkCZ_yqjd_rGj3wb/view?usp=drive_link).
9.  "Free Plan" means a plan that allows users to use a portion of the Service free of charge, specifically as set forth in the [Schedule](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mIzrH9almieKLZP-NkCZ_yqjd_rGj3wb/view?usp=drive_link).
10.  "Paid Plan" refers to services that are available in addition to the services available under the Free Plan, and specifically, the Creator Plan, Artist Plan, Corporate Plan, and Education Plan as set forth in the [Schedule](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mIzrH9almieKLZP-NkCZ_yqjd_rGj3wb/view?usp=drive_link).

### Article 3 (Registration)

1.  A person who wishes to use the Service (hereinafter referred to as "Applicant") agrees to abide by the Terms, selects a plan for use of the Service, and provides the Company with certain information determined by the Company (hereinafter referred to as "Registered Items") in a manner determined by the Company, thereby applying to the Company for registration to use the Service.
2.  In accordance with the Company's criteria, the Company will determine whether or not to register the Applicant who has applied for registration in accordance with Section 1 (hereinafter referred to as the "Registration Applicant"), and if the Company approves the registration, the Company will notify the Registration Applicant to that effect. The registration of the Registration Applicant as a Registered User shall be deemed to have been completed upon the Company's giving of the notice in this section.
3.  Upon completion of registration as stipulated in the preceding paragraph, the Service Usage Contract will be established between the Company and the Registered User, and the Registered User will be able to use the Service in accordance with the Terms.
4.  The contract term of the Service Usage Contract shall be the same as the term of the use of the Service set forth in Article 7.
5.  If the Applicant is a minor, his/her legal representative (person with parental authority, etc.) shall review the Terms and apply for registration for the Service after obtaining the consent of his/her legal representative (person with parental authority, etc.) in advance.
6.  The Company reserves the right to refuse registration or re-registration of any Registration Applicant for any of the following reasons, and shall not be obligated to disclose any reasons for such refusal. In the event that:
    1.  (1) any falsehood, error or omission is found in all or part of the Registered Items provided to the Company,
    2.  (2) the Registration Applicant is a minor, an adult ward, a person subject to conservatorship or assistance, and has not obtained the consent of a legal representative, guardian, conservator or assistant,
    3.  (3) the Registration Applicant is or is reasonably determined by the Company to be antisocial forces (meaning organized crime groups, members of organized crime groups, right-wing groups, antisocial forces, or other similar persons; hereinafter referred to as "Antisocial Forces"), or is involved in any interaction or cooperation with such antisocial forces, including through funding or other means,
    4.  (4) the Company reasonably determines that the Registration Applicant is a person who has violated the Service Usage Contract with the Company in the past or is related to such a person,
    5.  (5) the Registration Applicant have been subjected to any of the measures set forth in Article 10, or
    6.  (6) other cases in which the Company reasonably determines that registration is not appropriate.

### Article 4 (Change of Registered Matters)

The Registered User shall notify the Company without delay of any changes in the Registered Items in a manner determined by the Company.

### Article 5 (Management of User Accounts and Passwords)

1.  The Registered User shall establish a user account and password as part of the registration for the Service.
2.  The Registered User shall, at his/her own responsibility, properly manage and store the password and user ID for the Service, and shall not allow any third party to use them, or lend, transfer, change the name of, sell, or otherwise dispose of them.
3.  The Registered User shall be responsible for managing his/her own user account and password, and shall change his/her password on a regular basis.
4.  In the event that a user account and/or password has been leaked or may have been leaked to a third party, the Registered User shall immediately notify the Company of such leakage. In such case, the Company may temporarily suspend the use of such Registered User's account and password.
5.  Registered Users shall be responsible for any damages caused by insufficient management of their user accounts or passwords, errors in use, or use by third parties.

### Article 6 (Use of the Service)

1.  The Registered User may use the Service within the scope of the plan for use of the Service selected at the time of registration for the Service.
2.  The Registered User may change the plan for use of the Service during the term of use of the Service through procedures prescribed by the Company.

### Article 7 (Term of use of the Service)

1.  The term of use of the Service shall be as follows.
    1.  (1) Free Plan: No fixed term
    2.  (2) Paid Plan:
        1.  (a) For monthly payment, one (1) month from the date of completion of registration for the Service
        2.  (b) For annual payment, one (1) year from the date of completion of registration for the Service
2.  The term of use of the Service for Paid Plan shall be automatically renewed unless the Registered User follows the procedures to stop the automatic renewal on the Company's website.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, if the Registered User notifies the Company of his/her desire to cancel within one week of the auto-renewal date and has not downloaded any generated music after the auto-renewal date, the Service Usage Agreement shall be canceled as of the auto-renewal date and the Registered User shall be refunded the fees settled as of the auto-renewal date.
4.  Paid plan may not be cancelled during the term of use of the service. However, this shall not apply in the case of Article 8.3.

### Article 8 (Usage Fee for Paid Plans of the Service)

1.  Usage fee for Paid Plan of the Service shall be as set forth in the Schedule.
2.  The method of payment of the usage fee for the paid plans of the Service shall be by monthly or annual payment selected by the registered user at the time of registration, each of which shall have the following meanings:
    1.  (1) monthly payment means that the monthly fee shall be paid upon completion of registration for the Service, and the monthly usage fee shall be paid on the date corresponding to the date of completion of registration for the Service each month thereafter,
    2.  (2) yearly payment means that the usage fee for one (1) year shall be divided into twelve (12) equal installments, and the first installment shall be paid upon completion of registration for the Service, and thereafter, each subsequent installment shall be paid monthly on the date corresponding to the registration completion date.
3.  The Registered User may early terminate the Paid Plan during the term of use of the Service by agreeing to all of the following conditions:
    1.  (1) Usage fee already paid to the Company will not be refunded.
    2.  (2) If having chosen the yearly payment, the Registered User must pay the Company the full amount of unexpired usage fees at the time of the early termination.
4.  The payment method for the usage fee in this Article shall be the payment method selected by the registered user at the time of registration, such as credit card, debit card, etc., designated by the Company.

\[Note\] Term of use of the Service for Paid Plan is automatically renewed in accordance with Article 7.2. Therefore, the Registered User of Paid Plan will be automatically charged for the next term of use of the Service at the time of renewal of said Paid Plan, unless he/she takes the necessary procedures to cancel the Paid Plan on the Company's website.

### Article 9 (Attribution of Rights)

1.  All Intellectual Property Rights pertaining to the Service and the programs that comprise the Service belong to the Company.
2.  The neighboring rights of producers of phonograms to the sound sources used in the Generated Music belong to the Company.
3.  The Company shall grant the Registered User a license to use the Generated Music in accordance with the plan selected by the Registered User, as set forth in the Schedule. However, such license shall be non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable.

### Article 10 (Prohibited Acts)

The Registered User shall NOT engage in any of the following acts or acts that may lead to such acts when using the Service.

1.  Registering the Generated Music as a content ID on YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, etc. (including registering it on other websites with equivalent functions),
2.  Using the Generated Music beyond the scope of the license granted in Article 9, Paragraph 3,
3.  Acts of using the Service with a dishonest purpose,
4.  Infringing the Intellectual Property Rights, portrait rights, publicity rights, or other rights of other registered users, the Company, or any third party,
5.  Defaming, disgracing, or invading the privacy of other registered users, the Company, or other third parties,
6.  Conduct that leads to fraud or other crimes.
7.  Transmitting or providing or encouraging the transmission or provision of computer viruses or other harmful programs,
8.  Altering, adapting, reverse engineering, decompiling, or disassembling the content, data, or other software, etc. provided on the Service,
9.  Alteration, deletion, or unauthorized diversion of information of other registered users, the Company, or other third parties,
10.  Any act that violates laws and regulations, these Terms and Conditions, or public order and morals, or any act that encourages or may encourage such violations,
11.  Using the Service to induce other registered users or third parties to visit other websites,
12.  Interfering with the operation of the Service,
13.  Selling, distributing without charge, or granting a sublicense for the Generated Music (excluding videos and other deliverables created using said Generated Music) without the Company's prior consent,
14.  Downloading using external applications,
15.  Any other actions that the Company deems inappropriate,
16.  Developing a model that competes with the Service by using Generated Music generated by the Service,
17.  Extracting data or Generated Music from the Services, including scraping, web harvesting, and web data extraction, except as permitted through the API,
18.  Any act of interacting or being involved in any way with Antisocial Forces such as cooperating or being involved in the maintenance, operation, or management of Antisocial Forces through the provision of funds or otherwise.

If the Company suffers damages as a result of the Registered User's violation of the Terms, the Company may compensate the Registered User for damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees). In the event of any of the acts set forth in Paragraph 1 of this Article, the Company may, at its discretion and without any notice to the Registered User, suspend the Registered User's use of the user account or terminate the Service Usage Contract. Except in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Company, in no event shall we be liable for any loss or damage incurred by the Registered User as a result of such suspension or termination.

### Article 11 (Suspension of this Service)

In the event that any of the following events occurs, the Company may suspend all or part of the Service, and shall not be liable for any damages incurred by registered users as a result of such suspension, except in the case of willful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of the Company.

1.  When performing maintenance or inspections of equipment or systems used to provide this service
2.  In the event of difficulty in operating this service due to fire, power outage, earthquake, natural disaster, system failure, etc.
3.  In other cases, when the Company deems it necessary to temporarily suspend the provision of this service for operational or technical reasons, or when the Company deems such suspension unavoidable.

### Article 12 (Scope of Our Liability)

1.  The Company does not guarantee that the Service will be free from computer viruses or other harmful programs.
2.  The Company shall not guarantee the operation of any equipment, software, or system (including those provided by third parties) used by the Registered User in using the Service. In addition, the Company shall not respond to malfunctions of equipment, software, or systems provided by third parties.
3.  Except in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Company, the Company shall not be liable for lost profits, indirect damages, special damages, consequential damages, attorney's fees, or any other damages not stipulated in this Article for the Registered User, including damages caused by malfunction of equipment, software, or systems provided by a third party.

### Article 13 (Termination of the Service)

1.  The Company reserves the right to terminate the Service without prior notice.
2.  Except in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Company, the Company shall not be liable to any registered user or third party for any loss or damage, directly or indirectly, caused by the termination of this service, regardless of the nature or manner of such loss or damage.

### Article 14 (Termination of Service Use Contract)

The Service Usage Contract will be terminated in the following cases.

1.  The Registered user of Free Plan may terminate the Service Usage Agreement at any time by notifying the Company in a manner prescribed by the Company.
2.  For the Registered User of Paid Plan, the Service Usage Contract will be terminated if any of the following occur:
    1.  (1) when the Registered User has completed the procedure to stop automatic renewal on the Company's website and the term of use of the Service for the relevant Paid Plan has expired,
    2.  (2) in the cases set forth in Article 7.3,
    3.  (3) in the case provided for in Article 8.3,
    4.  (4) when the Company choose to terminate the Service Usage Contract in accordance with Article 10.3 and notify the Registered User to that effect, or
    5.  (5) in the case provided for in Paragraph 1 of Article 13.

Upon termination of the Service Usage Agreement, the Company shall promptly delete the account of such Registered User.

### Article 15 (Modification of the Terms)

1.  The Company may modify the Terms as deemed necessary by the Company.
2.  In the event of any modification of the Terms, the Company will notify the Registered User of the revised Terms and the effective date of the revised Terms by posting the revised Terms on the Company's website or by any other appropriate means.
3.  When making changes to the Terms that require the consent of the Registered User under the law, the Company shall obtain the consent of the Registered User in a manner prescribed by the Company.
4.  The Registered User who use the Service after the changes set forth in Paragraph 1 shall be deemed to have agreed to such changes.
5.  Except in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence by the Company, the Company shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damages incurred by registered users resulting from failure to confirm the Terms, regardless of the nature or form of such damages.

### Article 16 (Communication/Notice)

1.  Inquiries regarding the Service and other communications or notifications from the Registered User to the Company, as well as notifications regarding changes to the Terms and other communications or notifications from the Company to the Registered User, shall be made in a manner determined by the Company.
2.  If the Company will contact or notify the e-mail address or other contact information included in the Registered Items, the Registered User will be deemed to have received such contact or notification.

### Article 17 (Transfer of Status under Service Usage Contract, etc.)

1.  The Registered User may not assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of his/her positions under the Service Usage Contract or his/her rights or obligations under the Terms to any third party without the prior written consent of the Company.
2.  In the event that the Company will transfer the business of the Service to another company, the Company may transfer the status of the Service Usage Contract, rights and obligations under the Terms, and Registered User's Registered items and other information to the transferee of such business, and the Registered User shall have agreed in advance to such transfer. The business transfer stipulated in this Paragraph shall include not only ordinary business transfers, but also corporate divestitures and any other cases in which business is transferred.

### Article 18 (Severability)

1.  If any provision of the Terms or part thereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any law or regulation, the remaining provisions of the Terms and the remainder of any provision that is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in part shall remain in full force and effect.

### Article 19 (Language)

1.  The Terms are made in Japanese and translated into English. The Japanese text is the original and the English text is for reference purposes. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between these two texts, the Japanese text shall prevail.

### Article 20 (Governing Law and Court of Jurisdiction)

1.  The interpretation and application of these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Japan.
2.  Any dispute, controversy or difference of opinion that may arise between us and any registered user arising out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be finally and bindingly settled by arbitration in Tokyo in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the Japan Commercial Arbitration Association. The language of arbitration shall be Japanese.